Was the deceased a singleton or multiple birth?
Was this the first, second, or later in the birth order? 
Is the mother still alive?
Did the mother die during or after the delivery?
Where was the deceased born?
At the time of the delivery what was the size of the deceased?
What was the weight of the deceased at birth? [specify units]
Was the child born alive or dead?
Did the baby ever cry? 
Did the baby ever move?
Did the baby ever breathe?
Where did the deceased die?
Was care sought outside the home while the deceased had this illness?
Care sought - homeopath
Care sought - religious leader
Care sought - government hospital
Care sought - government health center or clinic
Care sought - private hospital
Care sought - community based practitioner
Care sought - trained birth attendant
Care sought - private physician
Has the deceased's (biological) mother ever been tested for HIV? 
Was the HIV test ever positive? 
Has the deceased's (biological) mother ever been told she had AIDS by a health worker? 
Decedent never cried, moved or breathed
Were there any bruises or signs of injury on the baby's body at birth? 
Was the baby's body (skin and tissue) pulpy? 
Was any part of the baby physically abnormal at time of delivery?
Abormalities: Head size very small at time of birth?
Abormalities: Head size very large at time of birth?
Abormalities: Mass defect on the back of head or spine
Abormalities: Other
Abormalities: Refused to Answer
Abormalities: Don't Know
Mark the baby's age at the time of death.
Complications: Mother had convulsions
Complications: Mother had hypertension
Complications: Mother had anemia
Complications: Mother had diabetes
Complications: Child delivered non-headfirst
Complications: Cord delivered first
Complications: Cord around child's neck
Complications: Excessive bleeding
Complications: Fever during labor
Complications: No complications
Complications: Refused to Answer
Complications: Don't know
Complications: Placenta came out first
Did the pregnancy end early, on time, or late? 
Was the baby moving in the last few days before the birth? 
Did the water break before labor or during labor? 
How much time before labor did the water break? 
What was the color of the liquor when the water broke? 
Was the liquor foul smelling?
Did you (the mother) receive any vaccinations since reaching adulthood including during this pregnancy?
How many doses? 
Where did the delivery occur?
Who delivered the baby?
Type of delivery
During labor but before delivery, did you (the mother) receive any kind of injection? 
Were there any bruises or signs of injury on the baby's body at birth?
Was any part of the baby physically abnormal at time of delivery?
Abnormalities: Head size very small at time of birth?
Abnormalities: Head size very large at time of birth?
Abnormalities: Mass defect on the back of head or spine
Abnormalities: Other
Abnormalities: Refused to Answer
Abnormalities: Don't know
Did the baby breathe immediately after birth?
Did the baby have difficulty breathing?
Was anything done to try to help the baby breathe at birth? 
Did the baby cry immediately after birth? 
How long after birth did the baby first cry? 
Did the baby stop being able to cry? 
How long before the baby died did the baby stop crying? 
Was the baby able to suckle in a normal way during the first day of life?
Did the baby ever suckle in a normal way? 
Did the baby stop being able to suckle in a normal way? 
How long before he/she died did the baby stop suckling?
Was the baby able to open his/her mouth at the time he/she stopped sucking?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have difficult breathing? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have fast breathing? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have indrawing of the chest?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have grunting? 
During the illness that led to death did the baby have spasms or convulsions?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have fever? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby become cold to touch?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby become lethargic, after a period of normal activity?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby become unresponsive or unconscious? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have a bulging fontanelle?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have pus drainage from the umbilical cord stump? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have redness of the umbilical cord stump?
Did the redness of the umbilical cord stump extend onto the abdominal skin? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have skin bumps containing pus or a single large area with pus? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have ulcer(s) (pits)? 
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have an area(s) of skin with redness and swelling?
During the illness that led to death, did he/she have areas of the skin that turned black?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby bleed from anywhere? 
During the illness that led to death, did he/she have more frequent loose or liquid stools than usual?
How many stools did the baby have on the day that diarrhea/loose liquid stools were most frequent? [specify units]
During the illness that led to death, did he/she vomit everything?
During the illness that led to death, did he/she have yellow skin?
During the illness that led to death, did the baby have yellow eyes? 
Did the infant appear to be healthy and then just die suddenly?